# looking-for-Senior-Back-end-Web-Engineer.
Our client with specialization in travel product profit maximization and inventory sourcing/distribution/management is looking for Senior Back-end Web Engineer. As for today the main office of the company is in Singapore and relocation is required.  General Responsibilities: Create solid, testable code Optimize and scale your work artfully Learn as you go, share cool stuff with the rest of the team  Requirements Deep knowledge of at least one high level language (Ruby, Java, Python, C/C++, Objective-C, Go, Javascript, etc.) Willingness to learn/work in other languages, company uses Go, Ruby and Node, different projects, different tools A strong bent toward fanatical adherence to Testing and TDD Personal qualities: Desire to work as a member of a team. It’s important to have an opinion, be able to support it, describe benefits/drawbacks, but then must be willing to put personal preferences aside in favour of leadership/group decisions and support the decision fully.  Direct subordination to CTO Prospects for position growth: As the company grow, the team is likely to be structured into smaller working groups. There will be room to advance to group lead, and potentially at a later stage a management role over several working groups.  Work schedule: Typical days are 9:30am – 7pm. While the company don’t require these hours specifically, the team is very hardworking and takes ownership of their responsibilities. Every member has equity in the company. The company offers a very casual environment (shorts/sandals is fine), is very flexible in terms of time off requests and working from home. If the person is motivated, the company don’t feel there is a need to micromanage their time. Work place: Singapore Duration of trial period: 6 months Business trips: 0-5%  Competitive salary (appx. 4000 Euro net basic salary), bonuses, equity. Insurance for family members as well. Immigration procedures and work permit obtained by the employer (2-3 weeks). Additional motivational offers: Equity is an important piece of the compensation. It could easily double the salary at current valuations. At expected levels, it could be 3, 4, 5, 10x the salary. In case you find this vacancy interesting to consider, please let me know and I will send you the company website to check. 
